docs: update k6 browser documentation (#1345)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/03 Using k6 browser/01 Overview.md

<Blockquote mod="note" title="">

> To work with the browser module, ensure you are using the latest [k6 version](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases), and install a Chromium-based browser on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work with the browser module, make sure you are using the latest [k6 version](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases), and install a Chromium-based browser on your machine (such as [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/)).
```

nit: I think "make sure" sounds better/more friendly than "ensure

Adding a mention of Google Chrome is just a suggestion, I think it can help if people are not familiar with Chromium (even if they're very similar 😅), but feel free to ignore.

Reviewer 2: 👍 Do we have a writing style somewhere? :)

Reviewer: @inancgumus I think this would be the relevant page in our style guide: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/voice-tone-guidelines/.

Reviewer 2: That's perfect! Thanks 🙇

> To work with the browser module, make sure you are using the latest [k6 version](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases) and you must install a Chromium-based browser on your machines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To work with the browser module, ensure you are using the latest [k6 version](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases), and install a Chromium-based browser on your machine.
```
